Website Terms of Use
Last updated: 7 August 2023

Welcome to a website which is owned, operated or controlled by Allegion Plc., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively “Allegion”, “we”, “us”, “our”).  Allegion maintains its Websites (as herein defined) for general promotional, investor relations, and public information purposes.  The following Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your use of each and all Allegion affiliated brand websites linked to or operated by Allegion around the world that display or link to these Terms (each designated a “Website” and, collectively, the “Websites”).

Please read these Terms carefully - BY USING THE WEBSITES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITES.

Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in these Terms, all text, documents, photographs, images, graphics, photographs, logos, emblems, designs, layouts, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrighted materials, audio and video presentations and other information provided by us on or through the Websites (collectively, “Content”), including the user/visual interfaces and the selection, coordination, expression, aesthetic, and arrangement of such Content is owned, controlled, or licensed by or to Allegion, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable.

Changes to Websites or Terms
We may change or discontinue any Website at any time without prior notice or obligation to you. We may also change these Terms at any time without prior notice or obligation and your continued use of any Website after such changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of the changes.  We may, at any time and without liability, modify or discontinue all or part of a Website (including access to the Website via any third-party links), or offer opportunities to some or all Website users.

Privacy
Allegion’s Privacy Statement applies to use of the Websites, and the Privacy Statement terms are made a part of these Terms by this reference.  For your reference, you can view Allegion’s Privacy Statement here. Additionally, by using the Websites, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. As such, you understand that any message or information you send to any of the Websites may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (e.g., contact information, credit card information, etc.) is encrypted.

Intellectual Property
The Websites are owned and operated by Allegion in conjunction with others pursuant to contractual arrangements, and the Content and any intellectual property and other rights relating thereto is and will remain the property of Allegion and its licensors and suppliers.  Except as expressly set forth in the “Use of the Websites” section below, or otherwise authorized in advance by Allegion in writing, you agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based (whether in whole or in part) on, all or any part of the Websites or any materials made available through the Websites.

The trade names, trademarks, and service marks owned by Allegion, whether registered or unregistered, may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion.  Nothing contained on the Websites should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Allegion’s or our third-party licensor’s trade names, trademarks, or service marks without our or their, respectively, express prior written consent.

Accounts and Security
Some areas of the Websites or certain features or services offered on or through the Websites may require you to register for an account.  If and when you register with any of the Websites, you agree to: (I) provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the applicable registration form (e.g., name, email address, etc.) and (II) maintain and update your information to keep it accurate, current, and complete.  You acknowledge that, if any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, Allegion reserves the right to terminate your use of any and all Websites.

As part of the registration process, you may be asked to select a username and password.  We may refuse to grant you a username that impersonates someone else, is or may be illegal, is or may be protected by trademark or other proprietary rights law, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, as determined by us in our sole discretion.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password and agree not to transfer or resell your use of or access to any of the Websites to any third party.  You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and for any and all activities that are conducted through your account (including forum posts, purchases, etc.) whether or not authorized by you.  You agree to notify Allegion immediately of any unauthorized use of your username or password, or any other breach of security.

Use of the Websites
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, agreement to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and solely for so long as you are permitted by Allegion, you may access and use the Websites and their respective Content.   While doing so, you may not:

Violate or attempt to violate the security of the Websites or its supporting infrastructure to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Websites, or any other systems or networks connected to the Websites or supporting infrastructure, or to any of the services offered on or through the Websites, by hacking or any other illegitimate means;
Restrict or inhibit any other visitor or member from using the Websites, including, without limitation, by means of “hacking” or defacing any portion of the Websites;
Use the Websites or any Content for any purpose that is fraudulent or unlawful or otherwise prohibited by these Terms, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Allegion or others;
Impersonate any individual or entity, including without limitation any representative of Allegion; falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity in connection with the Websites; or express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Allegion, without prior written consent from Allegion;
Engage in any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Websites or Allegion’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Websites or to Allegion, including without limitation spamming or flooding;
Systematically download and/or store any Website Content without express prior written consent from Allegion;
Use any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, spider, or other automatic site search/retrieval application, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy, monitor, retrieve, index, or “data mine” any portion of the Websites or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Websites or and Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the Websites.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Allegion grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Websites for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials.  Allegion reserves the right to revoke these exceptions and bar any such activity either generally or in specific cases;
Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Websites or any network connected to the Websites, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Websites or any network connected to the Websites without express prior written consent from Allegion;
Perform a reverse look-up, trace, or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Websites, or any other customer of Allegion, including any Allegion account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Websites or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Websites, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Websites;
Use the Websites to defame abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including without limitation others’ privacy rights or rights of publicity, or harvest or collect information about Website visitors or members without their express consent; or
Otherwise disrupt or interfere with the operation of the Website or the servers or networks used to make the Websites available; or violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of such networks.
Disclaimers
ALLEGION MAKES NO GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE CONTENT OR OPERATION OF THE WEBSITES.  ALLEGION DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE WEBSITES OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE, OR FEATURE OF THE WESITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS.   THE WEBSITES AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND ALLEGION IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS USE OR MISUSE.  

ALLEGION CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE WEBSITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES.  YOU ACCESS AND USE THE WEBSITES AT YOUR OWN RISK.  YOU ARE ALSO RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS TO ASSURE THAT ANY MATERIAL YOU OBTAIN FROM THE WEBSITES IS FREE FROM COMPUTER VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES OR OTHER DESTRUCTIVE DEVICES.

The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability, or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence, or any other cause of action.

Allegion reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (i) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Websites, or any portion of the Websites, for any reason; (ii) to modify or change the Websites, or any portion of the Websites, and any applicable policies or terms; and (iii) to interrupt the operation of the Websites, or any portion of the Websites, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.

Limitation of Liability
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ALLEGION DISCLAIMS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION: (I) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (INCLUDING SUITABILITY OF THE WEBSITES FOR YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THOSE OF ANY OTHER PERSON); (II) WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, (III) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OR SOFTWARE, (IV) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITES (INCLUDING DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, VIRUSES, DEFECTS, OR OMISSIONS); (V) WARRANTIES OTHERWISE RELATING TO PERFORMANCE, NONPERFORMANCE, OR OTHER ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY US OR ANY THIRD PARTY; AND (VI) WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE.  YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST ALLEGION FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE WEBSITES OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITES OR ANY SUCH CONTENT.  THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Allegion, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against Allegion by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.

Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and the United States of America, without reference to any choice of law rules under Indiana law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms or relating your use of this Websites will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Delaware and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action, and to waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

The preceding provision regarding venue does not apply if you are a consumer based in the European Union. If you are a consumer based in the European Union, you may make a claim in the courts of the country where you reside. Any claim under these Terms of Use must be brought within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is barred. Claims made under the separate terms and conditions of purchase for goods and services are not subject to this limitation. No recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket expenses, except that the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. In the event of any controversy or dispute between Allegion and you arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, the parties shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. If we are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days), then either party may submit such controversy or dispute to mediation. If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under applicable law.

Void Where Prohibited
Allegion administers and operates the Websites from within the United States and throughout other various locations outside the United States where Allegion conducts business.  Although the Websites are accessible worldwide, not all features, products, or services discussed, referenced, provided, or offered through or on each Website are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use in all regions.  Allegion reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product, or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature, product, or service made on any of the Websites is void where prohibited.  If you choose to access any of the Websites, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.

Violation of These Terms
Allegion may disclose any information Allegion has about you (including your identity) if it is determined that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Websites, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Allegion’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Websites.

Allegion reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms, including suspension or blocking of your access to any or all Websites.  Allegion’s failure to enforce any provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such provision or of Allegion’s legal or equitable rights.  You agree to defend and indemnify Allegion and its directors and employees from and against any and all damages, claims, liabilities, and costs arising directly or indirectly from (i) your violation of these Terms or your use of the Websites; (ii) any allegation that any materials you submit to Allegion or transmit to the Websites infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party; and/or (iii) your activities in connection with the Websites.

You agree that Allegion may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to any of the Websites and/or block your future access to any of the Websites if it is determined that you have violated these Terms or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Websites. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Allegion, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Allegion obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Allegion deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Allegion may have at law or in equity.

Claims of Copyright Infringement (DMCA)
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law.  If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Allegion infringe your copyright (for example, Content used for marketing purposes), you (or your agent) may send Allegion a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked.  The notice must include the following information: (i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple copyrighted works located on the Websites are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works); (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow Allegion to locate the material on the Websites; (iv) the name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available) of the complaining party; (v) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Such written notice should be sent to: 

Allegion plc

Attn: General Counsel

11819 N. Pennsylvania St.

Carmel, IN 46032

Miscellaneous
If any of the provisions of these Terms are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms, so that these Terms shall remain in full force and effect.  These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Allegion with regard to your use of the Websites, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Allegion with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. 

These Terms do not, and will not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and Allegion.

These Terms of Use are not to be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.

The information contained herein is subject to change without notice.

Copyright © 2023 Allegion plc. All rights reserved.
