Rebate terms and conditions for Iowa customers
For residential and business customers
Alliant Energy no longer processes claim form rebates and only offers the instant discount at point of purchase through our marketplace or qualified distributors.

Instant Discounts: We buy down the cost of energy-efficient products at the distributor level to make qualified equipment more affordable for you. This includes larger products that often require professional installation such as air conditioners, furnaces, heat pumps and electric water heaters.

The distributor applies the discounts. Savings pass down to installers and ultimately customers. Participating distributors have agreed to pass on the savings to customers regardless of class, i.e., residential or business.
Customers who purchase from participating installers and distributors will see the instant discounts printed on their equipment invoices.
Find more information on participating distributors at alliantenergy.com/instantrebates.
The Marketplace: Residential customers, visit the Alliant Energy® Marketplace, and business customers, visit the Alliant Energy® Small Business Marketplace to receive instant rebates on prequalified equipment. Rebates are reflected in the purchase price at checkout. We do not issue rebate gift cards through the Marketplace.

For agricultural customers
Rebate claim forms are available for specialized agricultural measures. To claim those rebates, agricultural customers must:

Print, fill out and return the rebate claim form(s) with a copy of the sales receipt(s) or itemized invoice(s) no later than Jan. 31, 2025. Find a list of products eligible for a rebate via claim form at alliantenergy.com/rebates.
Agricultural customers may also take advantage of the Instant Discounts program or Alliant Energy Marketplace for rebates not available via paper rebate claim as described above.
Find all rebate claim forms online at alliantenergy.com/rebates or call 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268) from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday to request them.
Please see specific paper claim form requirements below.
Rebate terms and conditions
IMPORTANT: Please read the following information before completing the agriculture rebate claim form. Submitting a rebate claim form does not guarantee payment. Alliant Energy reserves the right to modify or end this rebate program at any time without prior notice.

Participants must be Iowa Alliant Energy customers.
Alliant Energy must supply the primary energy to the equipment for it to be rebate eligible. Some exceptions may apply.
The rebate amount will not exceed 50% of the equipment purchase price.
Equipment must be new, installed on the premises and must not be purchased for resale. Refurbished equipment is not eligible. Some exceptions may apply.
Alliant Energy reserves the right to inspect and verify the installation.
Alliant Energy may restrict bulk purchasing or repeated purchases within the same calendar year.
Alliant Energy reserves the right to meter the specified equipment or process, at no cost to the customer, to determine the actual energy saved for up to 18 months after installation.
Rebates apply to new and replacement installations of qualified equipment, except where noted differently on the rebate claim form. In replacement situations, the efficiency of the equipment installed must be higher than that of the equipment removed.
Customers are responsible for ensuring the equipment installed for this program meets all applicable codes, standards and regulatory requirements.
Alliant Energy does not guarantee installation of high-efficiency equipment will result in reduced usage or demand, or in cost savings.
Alliant Energy makes no warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to any equipment purchased and/or installed including, but not limited to, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event shall Alliant Energy be liable for any incidental or consequential damages.
Alliant Energy does not endorse any manufacturer, product or system design in promoting this rebate program. Listing a product does not constitute an endorsement, nor does it imply unlisted products are defective in any way.
These programs are effective Jan. 1, 2024, through Dec. 31, 2024, and are subject to periodic review by Alliant Energy.
Any purchase of energy-efficient equipment must occur between Jan. 1, 2024, and Dec. 31, 2024, to qualify for rebates. Receipts must show retail equipment cost. Installation of energy-efficient equipment must occur between Jan. 1, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2024.
Alliant Energy reserves the right to contact customers who participate in the rebate programs for surveys to monitor and evaluate program performance.
Submit rebate claim forms by Jan. 31, 2025.
Rebate claim forms postmarked after Jan. 31, 2025 may be subject to 2025 program rebate changes or denied.
By participating in Alliant Energy’s energy efficiency programs, you agree to the terms of Alliant Energy’s Privacy Policy, available at alliantenergy.com/privacy.
